NAME                   VERSION                            TYPE   
adduser                3.118ubuntu2                       deb     
apt                    2.0.9                              deb     
apt-utils              2.0.9                              deb     
base-files             11ubuntu5.7                        deb     
base-passwd            3.5.47                             deb     
bash                   5.0-6ubuntu1.2                     deb     
bash                   5.0.17                             binary  
bsdutils               1:2.34-0.1ubuntu9.4                deb     
bzip2                  1.0.8-2                            deb     
ca-certificates        20230311ubuntu0.20.04.1            deb     
certifi                2019.11.28                         python  
chardet                3.0.4                              python  
coreutils              8.30-3ubuntu2                      deb     
cron                   3.0pl1-136ubuntu1                  deb     
curl                   7.68.0-1ubuntu2.20                 deb     
dash                   0.5.10.2-6                         deb     
debconf                1.5.73                             deb     
debianutils            4.9.1                              deb     
diffutils              1:3.7-3                            deb     
dirmngr                2.2.19-3ubuntu2.2                  deb     
dpkg                   1.19.7ubuntu3.2                    deb     
e2fsprogs              1.45.5-2ubuntu1.1                  deb     
fdisk                  2.34-0.1ubuntu9.4                  deb     
findutils              4.7.0-1ubuntu1                     deb     
gcc-10-base            10.3.0-1ubuntu1~20.04              deb     
gnupg                  2.2.19-3ubuntu2.2                  deb     
gnupg-l10n             2.2.19-3ubuntu2.2                  deb     
gnupg-utils            2.2.19-3ubuntu2.2                  deb     
gpg                    2.2.19-3ubuntu2.2                  deb     
gpg-agent              2.2.19-3ubuntu2.2                  deb     
gpg-wks-client         2.2.19-3ubuntu2.2                  deb     
gpg-wks-server         2.2.19-3ubuntu2.2                  deb     
gpgconf                2.2.19-3ubuntu2.2                  deb     
gpgsm                  2.2.19-3ubuntu2.2                  deb     
gpgv                   2.2.19-3ubuntu2.2                  deb     
grep                   3.4-1                              deb     
gzip                   1.10-0ubuntu4.1                    deb     
hostname               3.23                               deb     
idna                   2.8                                python  
init-system-helpers    1.57                               deb     
jq                     1.6-1ubuntu0.20.04.1               deb     
krb5-locales           1.17-6ubuntu4.4                    deb     
libacl1                2.2.53-6                           deb     
libapt-pkg6.0          2.0.9                              deb     
libasn1-8-heimdal      7.7.0+dfsg-1ubuntu1.4              deb     
libassuan0             2.5.3-7ubuntu2                     deb     
libattr1               1:2.4.48-5                         deb     
libaudit-common        1:2.8.5-2ubuntu6                   deb     
libaudit1              1:2.8.5-2ubuntu6                   deb     
libblkid1              2.34-0.1ubuntu9.4                  deb     
libbrotli1             1.0.7-6ubuntu0.1                   deb     
libbsd0                0.10.0-1                           deb     
libbz2-1.0             1.0.8-2                            deb     
libc-bin               2.31-0ubuntu9.9                    deb     
libc6                  2.31-0ubuntu9.12                   deb     
libcap-ng0             0.7.9-2.1build1                    deb     
libcap2                1:2.32-1ubuntu0.1                  deb     
libcap2-bin            1:2.32-1ubuntu0.1                  deb     
libcom-err2            1.45.5-2ubuntu1.1                  deb     
libcrypt1              1:4.4.10-10ubuntu4                 deb     
libcurl3-gnutls        7.68.0-1ubuntu2.20                 deb     
libcurl4               7.68.0-1ubuntu2.20                 deb     
libdb5.3               5.3.28+dfsg1-0.6ubuntu2            deb     
libdebconfclient0      0.251ubuntu1                       deb     
libexpat1              2.2.9-1ubuntu0.6                   deb     
libext2fs2             1.45.5-2ubuntu1.1                  deb     
libfdisk1              2.34-0.1ubuntu9.4                  deb     
libffi7                3.3-4                              deb     
libgcc-s1              10.3.0-1ubuntu1~20.04              deb     
libgcrypt20            1.8.5-5ubuntu1.1                   deb     
libgmp10               2:6.2.0+dfsg-4ubuntu0.1            deb     
libgnutls30            3.6.13-2ubuntu1.8                  deb     
libgpg-error0          1.37-1                             deb     
libgssapi-krb5-2       1.17-6ubuntu4.4                    deb     
libgssapi3-heimdal     7.7.0+dfsg-1ubuntu1.4              deb     
libhcrypto4-heimdal    7.7.0+dfsg-1ubuntu1.4              deb     
libheimbase1-heimdal   7.7.0+dfsg-1ubuntu1.4              deb     
libheimntlm0-heimdal   7.7.0+dfsg-1ubuntu1.4              deb     
libhogweed5            3.5.1+really3.5.1-2ubuntu0.2       deb     
libhx509-5-heimdal     7.7.0+dfsg-1ubuntu1.4              deb     
libidn2-0              2.2.0-2                            deb     
libjq1                 1.6-1ubuntu0.20.04.1               deb     
libk5crypto3           1.17-6ubuntu4.4                    deb     
libkeyutils1           1.6-6ubuntu1.1                     deb     
libkrb5-26-heimdal     7.7.0+dfsg-1ubuntu1.4              deb     
libkrb5-3              1.17-6ubuntu4.4                    deb     
libkrb5support0        1.17-6ubuntu4.4                    deb     
libksba8               1.3.5-2ubuntu0.20.04.2             deb     
libldap-2.4-2          2.4.49+dfsg-2ubuntu1.9             deb     
libldap-common         2.4.49+dfsg-2ubuntu1.9             deb     
liblz4-1               1.9.2-2ubuntu0.20.04.1             deb     
liblzma5               5.2.4-1ubuntu1.1                   deb     
libmosquitto1          1.6.9-1                            deb     
libmount1              2.34-0.1ubuntu9.4                  deb     
libmpdec2              2.4.2-3                            deb     
libncurses6            6.2-0ubuntu2.1                     deb     
libncursesw6           6.2-0ubuntu2.1                     deb     
libnettle7             3.5.1+really3.5.1-2ubuntu0.2       deb     
libnghttp2-14          1.40.0-1ubuntu0.1                  deb     
libnpth0               1.6-1                              deb     
libonig5               6.9.4-1                            deb     
libp11-kit0            0.23.20-1ubuntu0.1                 deb     
libpam-modules         1.3.1-5ubuntu4.6                   deb     
libpam-modules-bin     1.3.1-5ubuntu4.6                   deb     
libpam-runtime         1.3.1-5ubuntu4.6                   deb     
libpam0g               1.3.1-5ubuntu4.6                   deb     
libpcre2-8-0           10.34-7ubuntu0.1                   deb     
libpcre3               2:8.39-12ubuntu0.1                 deb     
libprocps8             2:3.3.16-1ubuntu2.3                deb     
libpsl5                0.21.0-1ubuntu1                    deb     
libpython3-stdlib      3.8.2-0ubuntu2                     deb     
libpython3.8           3.8.10-0ubuntu1~20.04.8            deb     
libpython3.8-minimal   3.8.10-0ubuntu1~20.04.8            deb     
libpython3.8-stdlib    3.8.10-0ubuntu1~20.04.8            deb     
libreadline8           8.0-4                              deb     
libroken18-heimdal     7.7.0+dfsg-1ubuntu1.4              deb     
librtmp1               2.4+20151223.gitfa8646d.1-2build1  deb     
libsasl2-2             2.1.27+dfsg-2ubuntu0.1             deb     
libsasl2-modules       2.1.27+dfsg-2ubuntu0.1             deb     
libsasl2-modules-db    2.1.27+dfsg-2ubuntu0.1             deb     
libseccomp2            2.5.1-1ubuntu1~20.04.2             deb     
libselinux1            3.0-1build2                        deb     
libsemanage-common     3.0-1build2                        deb     
libsemanage1           3.0-1build2                        deb     
libsepol1              3.0-1ubuntu0.1                     deb     
libsmartcols1          2.34-0.1ubuntu9.4                  deb     
libsqlite3-0           3.31.1-4ubuntu0.5                  deb     
libss2                 1.45.5-2ubuntu1.1                  deb     
libssh-4               0.9.3-2ubuntu2.3                   deb     
libssl1.1              1.1.1f-1ubuntu2.20                 deb     
libstdc++6             10.3.0-1ubuntu1~20.04              deb     
libsystemd0            245.4-4ubuntu3.22                  deb     
libtasn1-6             4.16.0-2                           deb     
libtinfo6              6.2-0ubuntu2.1                     deb     
libudev-dev            245.4-4ubuntu3.22                  deb     
libudev1               245.4-4ubuntu3.22                  deb     
libunistring2          0.9.10-2                           deb     
libusb-0.1-4           2:0.1.12-32                        deb     
libuuid1               2.34-0.1ubuntu9.4                  deb     
libwind0-heimdal       7.7.0+dfsg-1ubuntu1.4              deb     
libzstd1               1.4.4+dfsg-3ubuntu0.1              deb     
locales                2.31-0ubuntu9.12                   deb     
login                  1:4.8.1-1ubuntu5.20.04.4           deb     
logsave                1.45.5-2ubuntu1.1                  deb     
lsb-base               11.1.0ubuntu2                      deb     
mawk                   1.3.4.20200120-2                   deb     
mime-support           3.64ubuntu1                        deb     
mosquitto-clients      1.6.9-1                            deb     
mount                  2.34-0.1ubuntu9.4                  deb     
ncurses-base           6.2-0ubuntu2.1                     deb     
ncurses-bin            6.2-0ubuntu2.1                     deb     
netcat                 1.206-1ubuntu1                     deb     
netcat-openbsd         1.206-1ubuntu1                     deb     
openssl                1.1.1f-1ubuntu2.20                 deb     
passwd                 1:4.8.1-1ubuntu5.20.04.4           deb     
perl-base              5.30.0-9ubuntu0.4                  deb     
pinentry-curses        1.1.0-3build1                      deb     
pip                    20.0.2                             python  
procps                 2:3.3.16-1ubuntu2.3                deb     
publicsuffix           20200303.0012-1                    deb     
python-pip-whl         20.0.2-5ubuntu1.10                 deb     
python3                3.8.2-0ubuntu2                     deb     
python3-certifi        2019.11.28-1                       deb     
python3-chardet        3.0.4-4build1                      deb     
python3-distutils      3.8.10-0ubuntu1~20.04              deb     
python3-idna           2.8-1                              deb     
python3-lib2to3        3.8.10-0ubuntu1~20.04              deb     
python3-minimal        3.8.2-0ubuntu2                     deb     
python3-pip            20.0.2-5ubuntu1.10                 deb     
python3-pkg-resources  45.2.0-1ubuntu0.1                  deb     
python3-requests       2.22.0-2ubuntu1.1                  deb     
python3-setuptools     45.2.0-1ubuntu0.1                  deb     
python3-six            1.14.0-2                           deb     
python3-urllib3        1.25.8-2ubuntu0.3                  deb     
python3-wheel          0.34.2-1ubuntu0.1                  deb     
python3.8              3.8.10-0ubuntu1~20.04.8            deb     
python3.8-minimal      3.8.10-0ubuntu1~20.04.8            deb     
readline-common        8.0-4                              deb     
requests               2.22.0                             python  
sed                    4.7-1                              deb     
sensible-utils         0.0.12+nmu1                        deb     
server                 1.0.0                              npm     
setuptools             45.2.0                             python  
six                    1.14.0                             python  
sysvinit-utils         2.96-2.1ubuntu1                    deb     
tar                    1.30+dfsg-7ubuntu0.20.04.3         deb     
tzdata                 2023c-0ubuntu0.20.04.2             deb     
ubuntu-keyring         2020.02.11.4                       deb     
unzip                  6.0-25ubuntu1.1                    deb     
urllib3                1.25.8                             python  
util-linux             2.34-0.1ubuntu9.4                  deb     
wget                   1.20.3-1ubuntu2                    deb     
wheel                  0.34.2                             python  
zlib1g                 1:1.2.11.dfsg-2ubuntu1.5           deb     
